Add ITransaction.SetService to overwrite service name and version (#1002)
elastic/apm-agent-dotnet: docs/public-api.asciidoc

});
----

[float]
[[api-transaction-set-service]]
==== `void SetService(string serviceName, string serviceVersion)` (added[1.7])

> With this method you can overwrite the service name and version on a per transaction basis. If this is not set, the transaction will be associated with the default service.
> 
> This method is useful when you host multiple services in a single process.
> 
> The method has 2 `string` parameters:
> 
> * `serviceName`: The name of the service which the transaction will be associated with.
> * `serviceVersion`: The version of the service which the transaction will be associated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overwrite the service name and version on a per transaction basis. This is useful when you host multiple services in a single process.

When not set, transactions are associated with the default service.

This method has two `string` parameters:

* `serviceName`: The name of the service to associate with the transaction.
* `serviceVersion`: The version of the service to associate with the transaction.
```
